C24 TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
========================

## C24 Integration Objects End User License Agreement (C24-iO EULA) - Base Installation ClickWrap


CAUTION: YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION THIS AGREEMENT RELATES TO. BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN AND ACKNOWLEDGING YOUR AUTHORITY TO DO SO ON BEHALF OF YOUR COMPANY (IF APPLICABLE). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT PROCEED WITH THE INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE. YOU SHOULD PROMPTLY RETURN THE SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, AND ALL COPIES THEREOF TO THE SUPPLIER FROM WHICH IT WAS ACQUIRED FOR A FULL REFUND OF THE LICENSE FEES, IF ANY, PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. THE TERM 'PROMPTLY' AS USED HEREIN SHALL MEAN NO LATER THAN THIRTY (30) DAYS FOLLOWING THE DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE TO YOU.

1.  License Grant   

    1.1	Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, C24 TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED ('C24') grants you ('Licensee') a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license (without the right to sublicense) to use the C24 Integration Objects (C24-iO) Studio and C24-iO Run-Time software product(s) (each individually, a 'Product'). 

    1.2 Any update, patch, service pack, value-add pack, prepackaged module and/or new release, version or enhancement issued to Licensee by C24 relating to the Product (each an 'Update') replaces part or all of a Product or Update previously licensed to Licensee and shall terminate such previously licensed Product or Update to the extent replaced by the Update.  If C24 is obligated to pass through terms and conditions associated with technology added to or included in an Update, then, as a condition of its use of such Update, Licensee agrees to be bound by such additional terms and conditions.  Such additional terms and conditions may be set forth in a license agreement accompanying the Update and issued by C24.  In addition and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, C24 grants Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license (without the right to sublicense) to use the Documentation (hereinafter defined) in connection with the Product.  

    1.3	By virtue of this Agreement, Licensee acquires only the non-exclusive right to use the Product and does not acquire any rights of ownership (i) in the Product, or (ii) any Documentation provided therewith. C24 and/or its licensors shall at all times retain all right, title, and interest in the Product and the Documentation provided therewith.  Except for the license rights expressly granted herein, this Agreement grants no additional express or implied license, right or interest in the Product or in any copyright, patent, trade secret, trademark, invention or other intellectual property rights of C24, its affiliates or their licensors. C24 reserves all rights not expressly granted to Licensee in this Agreement.    

2.  License Restrictions  

    2.1	Use by Licensee shall be in accordance with the provisions of and limitations set forth in this Agreement, and the additional terms, if any, set forth in any (i) C24 Software Services Agreement and associated Order Forms, or (ii) additional license and maintenance agreements executed by C24 and Licensee in connection with this Agreement which specifically states the terms thereof shall be in addition to or in lieu of any of the terms set forth herein (a 'Software Services Agreement Addendum'). 

    2.2	The Licensee shall not disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile, modify or create derivative works of the Product and the Documentation.

    2.3	Except as specifically permitted by applicable Software Services Agreement Addendum(s) the Licensee shall not (i) sublicense, distribute, sell, rent, encumber, outsource, lease or grant any other rights in the Product and the Documentation or otherwise allow the Product to be accessed, used or possessed by another party including without limitation, direct or indirect use via thin-client or web-based remote access software which but for the use thereof would have required a copy of the Product to be installed or used locally by that user, or (ii) provide information, data processing, subscription, hosting or other commercial services to another party via time sharing or facility management services or to act as or operate a service bureau. 

    2.4	The Product, including technical data, are subject to U.S. export control laws, including, without limitation, the U.S. Export Administration Act and its associated regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries.  Licensee shall not directly or indirectly export or re-export the Product, or any direct product thereof, without first obtaining C24's written approval.  Licensee agrees to comply strictly with all regulations and acknowledges that it has the responsibility to obtain licenses to export, re-export or import the Product.  The Product may not be downloaded, or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into, or to a national or resident of any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals, the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders as amended from time to time, or any other list distributed by the United States government setting forth individuals or entities to which distribution of the Product would be prohibited by United States law.

    2.5	Licensee shall be solely responsible for identifying and complying with all laws of any jurisdiction outside of the United States regarding the use of the Product and any technical data supplied by C24.  Licensee agrees to obtain all licenses, permits or approvals required by any government at Licensee's sole cost and expense.  Licensee's obligations under this Section 2.4 shall survive termination for any reason whatsoever. 

    2.6	If the Product is being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at any tier), then the U.S. Government's rights in the Product will be only as set forth herein.  The Product and related Documentation is a "commercial item" as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software Documentation" as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, all U.S. Government end users acquire the Product and such Documentation with only those rights set forth herein. Contract/Manufacturer is C24 TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED, Alpha House, 100 Borough High Street, London SE1 1LB, United Kingdom.


3.   Limited Warranty 

    3.1	C24 warrants that, for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of the initial availability for download from a C24 site of the Product, (the 'Warranty Period'), the Product will conform in all material respects to the Documentation for the Product found at the C24 Resource Center at www.c24.biz. As the sole and exclusive remedy for any failure of the Product to materially conform to the Documentation, C24 shall repair, replace, or correct the Product if such failure is reported during the Warranty Period or, if C24, at its discretion, reasonably determines that such remedy is not economically or technically feasible, this Agreement and the licenses granted hereunder will terminate and C24 or its supplier (as applicable) shall provide a full refund of the license fee paid, if any, with respect to the particular Product. The above warranty does not cover Updates, any Product provided on an evaluation basis, or defects to the Product due to accident, abuse, service, alteration, modification or improper installation or configuration by Licensee, its personnel or any third party.  

    3.2	C24 does not warrant that the functions of the Product will meet Licensee's requirements or that operation of the Product will be uninterrupted or error free. Licensee assumes responsibility for selecting the Product to achieve its intended results and for the use and results obtained from the Product. 

    3.3	THE LIMITED WARRANTY SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.1 SETS FORTH ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS PROVIDED TO LICENSEE WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT AND SUCH LIMITED WARRANTY IS PROVIDED SOLELY BY C24 AND NOT ITS LICENSORS. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY PROVIDED SOLELY BY C24 TO LICENSEE PURSUANT TO SECTION 3.1, NEITHER C24 NOR ITS LICENSORS, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS, MAKE ANY OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS RELATING TO THE PRODUCT AND FURTHER, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT. Further, the Product is not fault tolerant and is not designed, manufactured or intended for use in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance (including, without limitation, the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility; direct life support machines; weapon systems; or control of aircraft, air traffic, aircraft navigation or aircraft communications), in which the failure of the Product could lead directly or indirectly to death, personal injury or severe physical or environmental damage. Without limiting the scope of the disclaimers set forth herein, C24 for itself and on behalf of its licensors and their respective suppliers, disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness for any such high risk uses. 

4.  Indemnity

    4.1	C24 will defend, indemnify and hold Licensee harmless against any and all costs and reasonable expenses finally awarded by a court or agreed to in settlement which directly result from any third party claim based on an allegation that a Product infringes either a valid (a) United States patent or (b)
copyright of a country that is a party to the Agreement for Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights ('TRIPS') but only if C24 is notified promptly in writing of such claim and given sole control of the defense of any such claim and all negotiations for its settlement or compromise. Licensee agrees to reasonably cooperate with C24 in the defense, settlement or compromise of any such claim. In the event that a final injunction is obtained against Licensee's use of the Product, if C24 reasonably believes that Licensee's use of the Products could be so enjoined, or if in C24's opinion the Product is likely to become the subject of a successful claim of such infringement, C24 shall, at its option and expense, (i) procure for Licensee the right to continue using the Product as provided in this Agreement, (ii) modify or require replacement of the Product that Licensee is then currently using so that the Product becomes non-infringing (so long as the functionality of the Products is substantially similar) or, in the event neither of the previous two options are commercially reasonable for C24, (iii) terminate
this Agreement and the rights granted hereunder and refund to Licensee the amount paid to C24 for the Product less an amount for depreciation determined on a straight-line five year depreciation basis with a commencement date as of the respective shipment date of the applicable copies of the Product.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, C24 shall have no liability for a claim to the extent based on (A) the use by Licensee of the Product more than thirty (30) days after C24 has notified Licensee of (i), (ii) or (iii), above or (B) the version of the Product used by Licensee is not the current release version of the Product.  

    4.2	Notwithstanding the foregoing, C24 shall have no liability to Licensee under this Section 4 to the extent that any infringement or claim thereof is based upon (i) the combination, operation or use of a Product in combination with equipment or software not supplied by C24 hereunder where the Product would itself not be infringing, (ii) Licensee's non-compliance with designs, specifications or instructions provided by C24 to Licensee, (iii) use of a Product in an application or environment for which it was not designed or not contemplated under this Agreement or the Documentation, (iv) modifications of a Product by anyone other than C24 where the unmodified version of the Product would not be infringing, or (v) use by users or affiliated parties of Licensee not permitted by this Agreement. 

    4.3	THE FOREGOING INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS STATE THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF C24 AND THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF LICENSEE WITH RESPECT TO ANY INFRINGEMENT OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT BY C24 OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF THE PRODUCT OR ITS USE.

    4.4	If the Licensee is specifically subject to a Software Services Agreement Addendum as per Section 2 hereof, the terms of the License Addendum will prevail over section 4 hereof.


5.	Confidentiality; Notices

    5.1	Licensee acknowledges that the Products, including all source and/or object code and all parts and aspects thereof, and any modifications, enhancements, translations, localizations, or other derivative works thereof, in whatever form, whether or not marked as confidential, the Documentation and any other documentation or materials provided with or related to the Product (collectively, the 'Confidential Information'), are the valuable proprietary and trade secret information of C24 and/or its licensors and suppliers.  Licensee shall (i) limit use and disclosure of the Confidential Information to its employees and its consultants who are authorized pursuant to this Agreement to use the Products and who agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement or are otherwise bound to a confidentiality agreement containing substantially similar terms; (ii) not provide or disclose any of the Confidential Information to another party; and (iii) treat the Confidential Information with the same degree of care to avoid disclosure to any third party as is used with respect to Licensee's information of like importance which is to be kept secret, but with no less than reasonable care.  The foregoing obligations shall be in addition to any obligations set forth in any separate confidentiality agreement between C24 and Licensee.   

    5.2	Licensee agrees, under penalty of license termination but not exclusive of any other remedies, not to cause or permit the copying of the Product for any purpose other than expressly set forth herein.  Licensee may copy the Product for archival, off-line backup, disaster recovery or replication purposes.  Licensee may copy the Documentation solely for the purpose of facilitating Licensee's use of the Product in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Licensee agrees not to remove and product identification, copyright notices, or other notices or proprietary restrictions from the Product. 

    5.3	Benchmark results for the Product may not be disclosed or published without the written consent of C24. 

    5.4	Licensee acknowledges that in the event of a breach or threat of breach of this Section 5, money damages will not be adequate.  Therefore, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, C24 shall be entitled to injunctive or similar equitable relief against such breach or threat of breach.


6.  Limitation of Liability

    TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LIABILITY OF C24, IF ANY, FOR DAMAGES RELATING TO ANY PRODUCT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAID BY LICENSEE FOR SUCH PRODUCT. C24'S LICENSORS AND THEIR SUPPLIERS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO LICENSEE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY AS A RESULT OF USING THE PRODUCT, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL C24, ITS LICENSORS, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, EVEN IF C24, ITS LICENSORS AND/OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EACH EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION IS INTENDED TO BE A SEPARATE AND THEREFORE SEVERABLE EXCLUSION.


7.   Miscellaneous

    7.1 Third party terms and restrictions: The Product may contain or be accompanied by certain non-proprietary components created and separately licensed to Licensee by third parties. These components, if any, are identified in, and subject to, special license terms and conditions set forth in the 'notices.txt' file accompanying the Product ('Special Notices'). The Special Notices include important licensing and warranty information and disclaimers.  In the event of conflict between the Special Notices and the other portions of this Agreement, the Special Notices will take precedence (but solely with respect to the non-proprietary third party component(s) to which the Special Notice relates). 

    7.2 If C24 offers maintenance services for the Product, and if Licensee orders and pays for such maintenance services, such maintenance services shall be provided in accordance with the maintenance plan set forth in any executed Software Services Agreement Addendum.

    7.3	THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY EXHIBITS AND ANY SOFTWARE SERVICES AGREEMENT ADDENDUM(S), CONSTITUTES THE COMPLETE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT AND SUPERCEDES ANY OTHER AGREEMENT, PROPOSAL, COMMUNICATION OR ADVERTISING, ORAL OR WRITTEN, SIGNED OR UNSIGNED, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT.  

    7.4	This Agreement has been drawn up in English at the express wish of the parties.  Le prÈsent contrat a ÈtÈ rÈdigÈ en anglais a la demande expresse des parties.  

    7.5	Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its choice of law principles, and without regard to the provisions of any state Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws,
regulations or conventions. 

    7.6	This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a writing executed by both C24 and Licensee. 

    7.7	Failure or delay on the part of C24 to exercise any right, power, privilege or remedy hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof.  A waiver of default shall not operate as a waiver of any other default or of the same type of default on future occasions. 

    7.8	The parties expressly disclaim the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.  


C24 Integration Objects End User License Agreement (C24-iO EULA)
Revision: 25th Feb 2013
